Address ON_WSL() bug #4310 (#4311)
xonsh/xonsh: news/fix_wsl_detection.rst

> **Added:**
> * 'on wsl' field when running xonfig (when linux is detected)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Added:**

* ``on wsl`` field when running xonfig (when linux is detected)
```

RST failures bork the CI

**Changed:**

**Deprecated:**

**Removed:**

> **Fixed:**
> * wsl detection works on archlinux wsl2 now (and hopefully everywhere)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Fixed:**

* wsl detection works on archlinux wsl2 now (and hopefully everywhere)
```
